My soul is a witness. My soul is a witness. I know it. I know I'm a witness.
God said he was a witness. God said he was a witness.
There was a man of the Pharisees. Name was Nicodemus and he would not believe.
He came to Jesus by night. Wanted to be taught out of human sight.
Jesus told him as a friend, Nicodemus needed to be born again. Marvel not, if you want to be wise, repent, believe, and be baptized.
Can you be a witness?
My soul is a witness.
...Heal the guilty part of me.
Jesus was...leave me weak until I repeat.
When I long many a day, try to...my world away.
Everything like the scripture says...upon my head.
...I'll be a witness. I'll be a witness. I'm glad I'm a witness. I'm glad I'm a witness.